## Log.flights Privacy Policy
##### Updated as of November 29, 2017

This Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning the information collected by A^3 by Airbus LLC (“**A³**” or “**we**” or “**us**”) when an individual or organization (“you”) uses the log.flights website, its data and content (the “**Site**”).  This Privacy Policy describes what information A³ collects when you use the SIte, how we protect such information, how long such information is retained, with whom A³  may share such information, and what privacy options are available to you if you choose to use the Site. By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Notice.

As the Site and its services change and new laws are enacted, A³ may post an updated Privacy Policy here, along with its effective date, and notify users as required by law. Please check this page periodically for updates.  Your continued use of the Site after we have posted changes to this Privacy Policy will indicate that you agree to be bound by such changes.

### 1. Privacy Statement
The protection of your privacy in the processing of your personal data is an important concern to which we pay special attention during our business processes. Personal data collected during visits to the Site is processed by us according to the legal provisions valid for the countries in which the Site is maintained. The Site may include, however, links to web sites maintained by third parties which are not covered by this privacy statement.  If we merge with another company such that your personal information will become subject to a different privacy policy, we’ll notify you before the transfer so that you may choose to opt out of the new policy by deleting your account during the notice period. > The Site is not intended for users under the age of 13. A³ does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that an individual submitting information is under 13, we will attempt to delete such information as soon as possible.

### 2. Collection and Processing of Personal Data
When you visit the Site, we automatically record your Internet Protocol address, referral information, the pages you access, information about your device (such as type of mobile device, type of internet browser, or operating system used), and the date and length of your visit. Personal data is only stored if volunteered by you, for example if you provide your email address, password, name, phone number and the organization for which you work in the context of registering for an account for the Site or submitting any such information when contributing content to the Site.

### 3. Use and Disclosure of Personal Data
A³ will use your personal data for the sole purpose of technical administration of the web site, and operator account administration, and only to the extent necessary in each specific case.  Our employees are obliged by us to respect confidentiality.  Under no circumstances will A³  ever sell your personal data unless such data is aggregated and appropriately anonymized per industry standard methods.   We may share your personal data with third parties in limited circumstances, including: (1) with your consent; (2) to a vendor or partner who meets our data protection standards; or (3) when we have a good faith belief it is required by law, such as pursuant to a subpoena. If we are instructed to share your information in response to legal process, we’ll give you advance notice so you can challenge it (for example by seeking court intervention), unless we’re prohibited from doing so by law or court order. We will object to requests for information about users of our site that we believe to be improper.  

By registering with the Site, we may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates on the website. You can opt out of non-administrative emails. We may send administrative emails about service changes or new policies that you cannot opt-out. We won’t email you to ask for your password or other personal information. We retain the information we collect about and from Site users for as long as necessary to fulfill a business purpose or comply with a legal request. We may choose to anonymize some of the information in our custody so that it can no longer be attributed to a particular individual if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.

### 4.  Use of Your Flight Data
Any data with respect to vehicle information, flight plans and telemetry data that you choose to submit to the site (collectively, “Flight Data”) may be made accessible to all other users of the Site.  A³ may at some point in the future choose to make available your Flight Data, along with all similar Flight Data submitted by other users of the Site, to third parties, including governmental and non-governmental agencies, private companies or to other entities within the Airbus group of companies.  If you do not want your Flight Data to be available for those or similar uses, you should not contribute any of your Flight Data to the Site.

### 5.  Security
A³ uses technical and organizational security measures in order to protect the data we have under our control, and limit access to users' personal information to only those employees who reasonably need access to it for their job responsibilities. We believe that these measures are reasonably adapted to the nature of the information in our custody. However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of your information we may have collected.

### 6.  Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you when you interact with our service or return to the Site. We use them in various ways, such as to log you in and personalize your experience. We do not track your usage across other websites. We use some third party services that use cookies, such as Google Analytics, to improve the Site. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by A³ and not the use of cookies by such third parties. A³ uses third-party hosting partners, such as Amazon and Google, for hardware, networking, software, and storage to run the Site.

### 7. How to Contact Us
To contact A³, please email us at: law@airbus-sv.com
You can also use postal mail, but please be aware that it may take us longer to route and process your request if it is made on paper than with an electronic message.
Our address is: A^3 by Airbus LLC - Legal Department, 915 Walsh Avenue,  San Jose, CA, 95050
