## Log.flights Terms of Service
##### Updated as of November 29, 2017

These Terms of Service govern your access to and use of the log.flights web site (the “**Site**”). A^3 by Airbus LLC (“**A³**”) provides access to the Site in order to permit flight operators to submit information about vehicles they operate, and corresponding flight plans and telemetry data, and to make such information available to other registered users of the Site.

The Site is made available to you only on the condition that you understand and agree to all of these terms and conditions.  If you are using the Site on behalf of any organization or entity, then you are agreeing to these Terms of Service on behalf of that organization or entity, and you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such organization or entity to these Terms of Service.  In that case, “you” and “your” refers to you and such organization or entity.

By clicking the “I Agree” check-box at the bottom of these Terms of Service, you are indicating that you have read and agree to the Terms of Service.

These Terms of Service are subject to regular revisions. Your continued use of the Site will be subject to any such revised terms and you should therefore visit these Terms of Service frequently to review the terms.  You can also access these Terms of Service for your review at the following webpage: https://log.flights/terms-of-service

### 1. Your Representations and Warranties
With respect to all vehicle information, flight plans and telemetry data that you choose to submit to the site (collectively, “**Your Flight Data**”), You represent and warrant to A³ that (a) you have permission from all applicable jurisdictions to provide Your Flight Data, including from any jurisdiction where your vehicle is located and any jurisdictions included in Your Flight Data’s flight plans, (b) the submission of Your Flight Data to the Site will not violate the laws, including privacy laws, of any jurisdiction, including the United States of America and any country included in Your Flight Data’s flight plans, and (c) Your Flight Data will not include any data involving any military vehicles or any flight plans involving military missions.  You agree to indemnify A³ from any and all claims, expenses, damages and costs resulting from any breach by you of the foregoing representations and warranties.

### 2. Restrictions on Your Use of the Site.
By registering for an operator account and using the Site, you agree that you will not disguise the origin of your connection to the Site or provide false or inaccurate information to the Site.  You will not use the Site for the purpose of conducting illegal activity, and will not abuse the Site with spam or access the Site in any way that negatively impacts the performance of the Site. You may not copy, reproduce, distribute, modify, lease, loan, sell, or create derivative works of any content on the Site, including graphics, individual elements of the Site design, logos appearing on the Site, or photographs (collectively, the “**Site Content**”), without the express written permission of A³.  You will not access the Site with any program, collection agent, or "robot" for the purpose of automated retrieval of any flight data contributed to the site by users (collectively, “**Site Data**”), except to the extent that any such automated retrieval of Site Data is through an application program interface provided by A³.   You may not use Site Data for any activity that relies on the availability or accuracy of such data.  You understand that Site Data is NOT fit for navigational purposes.  Using any Site Data, including maps, flight data, or flight plans for navigational purposes may endanger life, and  A³ provides no warranties, whether express or implied, as to the accuracy or correctness of any Site Data.  You will not share your account password with any other individual, organization or entity.  A³ may choose to cancel operator account privileges or terminate Site access to any individual or organization at any time and for any reason.

### 3. Intellectual Property Rights
Any intellectual property or Site Content, other than Your Flight Data, is the sole property of A³ and its licensors.  You represent that you have all rights necessary to contribute any of Your Flight Data that you submit to the Site, and you grant A³ a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, unlimited, irrevocable license to use, transmit, distribute, and sell any of Your Flight Data (but not your personally identifiable information) that you submit to the Site as part of the aggregate collection of Site Data submitted by users of the Site, including any vehicle information, flight plans, flight telemetry data, photographs, audio or video files, or any other content that you choose to provide to the Site.  You expressly grant A³ an irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, unlimited right and license to incorporate into the Site or any A³ services, any suggestions you contribute to the Site, without any compensation or attribution of any kind unless otherwise agreed to in writing by A³.   You agree to indemnify A³ from any and all claims, expenses, damages and costs resulting from violations of the Terms of Service by you, including but not limited to copyright and trademark infringement.

### 4. No Warranty
The Site is provided exclusively on an "as is" basis. All use of the Site is at your own risk.   A³ makes no representations about the results to be obtained from using the Site.  A³ disclaims any and all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties' rights, and fitness for any purpose. A³ make no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, security, or timeliness of the Site Content, Site Data, or any services provided through the Site. No content or information obtained by you from the Site shall create any warranty not expressly stated by A³ in these Terms of Service. IN NO EVENT SHALL A³ BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER

BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF A³ HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  

### 5. Third Party Websites
This Site may contain hyperlinks to web sites operated by parties other than A³. Such hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only.  A³ does not control such websites and is not responsible for their content.  A³'s inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators. If you decide to access such third-party websites, you do so at your own risk.

### 6. Privacy Policy
You can review a copy of the Site’s [Privacy Policy](https://log.flights/privacy-policy). A³’s Privacy Policy may be changed at any time, with or without written notice.

### 7. Miscellaneous
These Terms of Service are governed by the laws of the the State of California.  If any part of these Terms of Service is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Service shall continue in effect. If A³ fails to enforce any portion of these Terms of Service, it will not be considered a waiver.  These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and A³ with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and A³ with respect to the Site.  Nothing in these Terms of Service will prevent A³ from complying with the law.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by A³.
